{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15020\viewh16840\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 The JW Viral Plugin
\fs32 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
Your version of the JW FLV Player comes complete with the JW Viral Plugin pre-bundled.  This means that you don't have to add a call for the plugin in your Flashvars -- it will automatically load with your JW Player.  However, this plugin can be further configured to fit your specific needs with certain Flashvars as detailed below.\
\
For more information, please visit the product page for this plugin here:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 http://www.longtailvideo.com/addons/plugins/47/Viral\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf0 \
Clicking "Get This" on that page will jump you into pages that contain a full overview and live examples of using the JW Viral Plugin. \
\
For general help with implementing your player and an overview of configuring player functions via Flashvars, you can either visit the JW Player Wizard here:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 http://www.longtailvideo.com/support/jw-player-setup-wizard
\i0\b\fs32 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 Or head over to the JW Player Wiki section here:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 http://developer.longtailvideo.com/trac/wiki/FlashVars
\i0\b\fs32 \
\
JW Viral Plugin Configuration
\b0\fs24 \
The JW Viral Plugin supports additional configuration options via flashvars. You can read about each of the options you have to choose from below.\
\

\b\fs26 Flashvar: viral.callout = none | mouse | always\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
This flashvar is used to specify when the Viral callout appears. The callout is a small arrow icon that indicates the presence of additional options. The values determine behavior as follows:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\i\b \cf0 none
\b0  - callout never appears\

\b mouse
\b0  - callout appears on mouseover\

\b always
\b0  - callout always appears
\i0 \
\

\b\fs26 Flashvar: viral.onpause = true | false\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
This flashvar is used to specify whether or not if the Viral options appear on pause. The values determine behavior as follows:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\i\b \cf0 true
\b0  - options appear on video pause\

\b false
\b0  - options do not appear on video pause
\i0 \
\

\b\fs26 Flashvar: viral.functions = embed,link,recommendations | all\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
This flashvar is used to specify which of the Viral options to include in the options panel. One or more individual options can be specified in a comma-delimited list. The values determine behavior as follows:emded - include the embed option\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\i\b \cf0 link
\b0  - include the link option\

\b recommendations
\b0  - include list of recommendations
\i0 \
\

\b\fs26 Flashvar: viral.recommendations = URL\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
This flashvar is used to specify a URL to an XML file with mRSS-formatted recommendations.\
A sample recommendations file can be found at: http://www.jeroenwijering.com/upload/mrss.xml.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs26 \cf0 Flashvar: viral.embed = CODE\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
This flashvar is used to specify the embed code to be displayed to the user. If not specified, the Viral plugin will generate embed code based on the player configuration. Embed code must be escaped properly. For example, '&lt;object width="425"...&gt;'\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs26 \cf0 Flashvar: viral.link = URL\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
This flashvar is used to specify the URL to be displayed to the user in the link field. This URL should reference the current page being viewed.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs32 \cf0 Additional Information
\b0\fs24 \
The following Flash parameters have to be set correctly in order for the Viral plugin to work properly.\

\b Flash Param: AllowScriptAccess = "always"
\b0 \

\b Flash Param: AllowScriptAccess = "all"\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs32 \cf0 Need More Help?
\b0\fs24 \
For an overview of how to implement a Plugin, visit the 
\b Implementing Plugins tutorial @ http://www.longtailvideo.com/AddOns/implementing_plugins.html}